Update README.md (#107)
infinispan/infinispan-images: README.md

Note: Caches won't be created automatically on the other side. So these must be created manually with the same name.

So create a new cache either using the console (http://localhost:11222) or curl (or similar tool)
`curl -XPOST -u <user>:<password> -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -d "@<path/to/cache.xml>" http://localhost:11222/rest/v2/caches/xsite-cache`
  
LON-Site:
```
<infinispan>
  <cache-container>
    <replicated-cache name="xsite-cache" statistics="true">
      <backups>
        <backup site="NYC" strategy="SYNC"/>
      </backups>
    </replicated-cache>
  </cache-container>
</infinispan>
```

NYC-Site:
```
<infinispan>
  <cache-container>
    <replicated-cache name="xsite-cache" statistics="true">
      <backups>
        <backup site="LON" strategy="SYNC"/>
      </backups>
    </replicated-cache>
  </cache-container>
</infinispan>
```

To test the replication, simply create a key on one site and search for it on the other site, where it will be available then, too.

Docker command example for two sites on same system (but you have to use different ports for both sites):

Infinispan 1 - in network "bridge" - admin port 11222, jgroups port 7300:

> `docker run --rm -p 11222:11222 -p 7300:7900 -v c:/work/InfiniSpan:/user-config --name infinispan1 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config1.yaml" --network bridge infinispan/server:11.0.4.Final-2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker run --rm -p 11222:11222 -p 7300:7900 -v <path/to/config-folder>:/user-config --name infinispan1 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config1.yaml" --network bridge infinispan/server
```

Infinispan 2 - in network "Bridge2" (created by `docker network create -d bridge Bridge2`) - admin port 12222, jgroups port 7200:

> `docker run --rm -p 12222:11222 -p 7200:7900 -v c:/work/InfiniSpan:/user-config --name infinispan2 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config2.yaml" --network Bridge2  infinispan/server:11.0.4.Final-2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker run --rm -p 12222:11222 -p 7200:7900 -v <path/to/config-folder>:/user-config --name infinispan2 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config2.yaml" --network Bridge2  infinispan/server`
```

      port: 7200
```

> Next the (local) port 7900 must be mapped to the port defined in the configuration (7200). On Docker for example by using `-p 7200:7900`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Map the local port `7900` to the port defined in the configuration (`7200`). On Docker, for example, use `-p 7200:7900`
```

> Note: Caches won't be created automatically on the other side. So these must be created manually with the same name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Caches aren't created automatically on the other site. You must manually create caches with identical names.
```

> So create a new cache either using the console (http://localhost:11222) or curl (or similar tool)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new cache, use the console (http://localhost:11222) or a tool such as curl:
```

`curl -XPOST -u <user>:<password> -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -d "@<path/to/cache.xml>" http://localhost:11222/rest/v2/caches/xsite-cache`
  
LON-Site:
```
<infinispan>
  <cache-container>
    <replicated-cache name="xsite-cache" statistics="true">
      <backups>

>         <backup site="NYC" strategy="SYNC"/>

Reviewer 2: The `backups` section should list all sites. "LON" should be included here.

Reviewer 2: @pruivo This is correct, isn't it? `<backups>` must contain all sites that participate in the cross-site view.

Reviewer: you are thinking about RELAY2. 
the cache configuration only contains the remote sites. If you put the local site, by mistake, it will be discarded.

Reviewer 2: thanks, Pedro!

      </backups>
    </replicated-cache>
  </cache-container>
</infinispan>
```

NYC-Site:
```
<infinispan>
  <cache-container>
    <replicated-cache name="xsite-cache" statistics="true">
      <backups>

>         <backup site="LON" strategy="SYNC"/>

Reviewer 2: Also include "NYC" as a backup location.

Reviewer: not needed :)

      </backups>
    </replicated-cache>
  </cache-container>
</infinispan>
```

> To test the replication, simply create a key on one site and search for it on the other site, where it will be available then, too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test replication, create a key on one site then search for it on the other site.
```

> Docker command example for two sites on same system (but you have to use different ports for both sites):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker command example for two sites using different ports on the same host:
```

Config1:

```
jgroups:
  diagnostics: true
  encrypt: false
xsite:
  address: <ip of infinispan nyc>
  name: NYC
  port: 7300
  backups:
    - address: <ip of infinispan lon>
      name: LON

>       port: 7200

Reviewer 2: Include NYC

Reviewer: not required as well. the operator configuration requires all sites but the "image" only requires the remote.

logging:
  console:
    level: debug
  categories:
    com.arjuna: warn
    org.jgroups: debug
```

Infinispan 1 - in network "bridge" - admin port 11222, jgroups port 7300:

`docker run --rm -p 11222:11222 -p 7300:7900 -v <path/to/config-folder>:/user-config --name infinispan1 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config1.yaml" --network bridge infinispan/server

Config1:

```
jgroups:
  diagnostics: true
  encrypt: false
xsite:
  address: <ip of infinispan lon>
  name: LON
  port: 7200
  backups:
    - address: <ip of infinispan nyc>
      name: NYC

>       port: 7300

Reviewer 2: Include LON

Reviewer: not required. see above.

Docker command example for two sites on same system (but you have to use different ports for both sites):

Config1:

```
jgroups:
  diagnostics: true
  encrypt: false
xsite:
  address: <ip of infinispan nyc>
  name: NYC
  port: 7300
  backups:
    - address: <ip of infinispan lon>
      name: LON
      port: 7200
logging:
  console:
    level: debug
  categories:
    com.arjuna: warn
    org.jgroups: debug
```

Infinispan 1 - in network "bridge" - admin port 11222, jgroups port 7300:

`docker run --rm -p 11222:11222 -p 7300:7900 -v <path/to/config-folder>:/user-config --name infinispan1 -e IDENTITIES_PATH="/user-config/identities.yaml" -e CONFIG_PATH="/user-config/config1.yaml" --network bridge infinispan/server

> Config1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config2:
```
